README.md, before:

# F4rSturm

Cool text-based terminal adventure game written in C.

—————————————————————————————————————————————————— 

 Windows
 
—————————————————————————————————————————————————— 

Compilation:
Download Cygwin.
Make sure you have gcc installed (gcc --version).
1. Open Cygwin terminal
2. Navigate to this repository (cd ~/F4rSturm)
3. gcc main.c mainMenu.c mainMenu.h screen.c screen.h -o F4rSturm
4. Run the game with "./F4rSturm.exe"

——————————————————————————————————————————————————

 Linux
 
——————————————————————————————————————————————————

Compilation:
1. Open a terminal
2. Navigate to this repository (cd ~/F4rSturm)
3. Make sure you have gcc installed (gcc --version)
4. gcc main.c mainMenu.c mainMenu.h screen.c screen.h -o F4rSturm
5. Run the game with "./F4rSturm"

Commit message:

Finally fixed that delay function for Windows
F Windows

README.md, after:

# F4rSturm

Cool text-based terminal adventure game written in C.

—————————————————————————————————————————————————— 

 Windows
 
—————————————————————————————————————————————————— 

Tested with Cygwin, other gcc compilers for Windows may work, but not guarenteed. 
Usage with Windows Subsystem for Linux is also an option.

Compilation:
Download Cygwin.
Make sure you have gcc installed (gcc --version).
1. Open Cygwin terminal
2. Navigate to this repository (cd ~/F4rSturm)
3. gcc main.c mainMenu.c mainMenu.h screen.c screen.h -D _WIN32 -o F4rSturm (-D _WIN32 should be omitted when using Windows Subsystem for Linux)
4. Run the game with "./F4rSturm.exe"

——————————————————————————————————————————————————

 Linux
 
——————————————————————————————————————————————————

Compilation:
1. Open a terminal
2. Navigate to this repository (cd ~/F4rSturm)
3. Make sure you have gcc installed (gcc --version)
4. gcc main.c mainMenu.c mainMenu.h screen.c screen.h -o F4rSturm
5. Run the game with "./F4rSturm"
